---
layout:     post
title:      "From Jenn"
subtitle:   "A quick word from Jenn."
date:       2015-06-10 12:00:00
author:     "Jenn"
header-img: "img/post-bg-01.jpg"
---

So, the last month has been a crazy ride. With that said, I wanted to write a post from a new Mama’s point of view. Keep in mind that this was very unexpected. Neither of us have any family members with Cystic Fibrosis and coming into all of this, we had no frame of reference. However, we have been completely surrounded the entire time.

When our sweet pediatrician first told us about Finn’s diagnosis, I completely broke down. I mean, I couldn’t stop bawling. Thankfully, my husband is no stranger to my emotional self and he was absolutely amazing in that doctors office. There have been so many moments in my adult life that I miss my family but on this day, I missed them immensely. Dr. Perlstein was incredible and let us stay in the room while we processed everything and fed our sweet baby boy. Once she walked out, my husband knew exactly what we needed to do. We prayed. We covered our sweet baby Finn completely in prayer. We knew we needed Him more than ever. This new life was going to require so much faith and it certainly has.

Once we started all the phone calls to friends and family, we knew the love of our savior. How loved we are! We went home, grabbed a few things, and spent the remainder of that day with my amazing in laws. They knew we needed them and how incredible they were (and continue to be) that day. My family lives in Maryland so Joseph’s family has met us right where we are. How thankful we are for them!

The amount of love we started to receive as friends and family continued to hear about Finn’s diagnosis was astounding. And it continues to be. We spent that entire weekend with family and then we had our first visit at the CF Center. How wonderful they were! They were patient with every question and we felt so hopeful after that appointment. Then, Tuesday came and suddenly I was at the house completely alone with Finn. Not only was I still adjusting to my day to day life with a newborn, but now I had the added stressors of a completely new life. By Wednesday, I wasn’t doing well. I knew I was being spiritually attacked and knew who to turn to. I cried out to my savior and Lord. I could not do this on my own strength. I talked with Joseph and I was completely honest about where I was. From then on out, I’ve been more intentional with my walk with Christ. I’ve realized more and more how much I had neglected my one on one time with my savior while working full time. I’ve been journeying back to Him and it’s been a huge source of comfort.

I know that there will continue to be good days and bad days (as is normal with life in general) but I also know what we’re never alone. Not ever. My family, even though they are far away, have loved my little family so well. Our family and friends (both near and far) have been such a source of comfort. Thank you. From the bottom of my heart, thank you. Christ has used every phone call, every text, every meal brought to us, every message on Facebook to remind us of His overwhelming love for us. This journey is just beginning but in the meantime we’re going to keep this baby boy as healthy as possible. Thank you for stepping alongside us and loving us well. The Wood family feels every prayer. Keep them coming! What a mighty God we serve.

Jenn